feat: added immutable tags section (#478)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshcloud.metadata-tags.md

> 

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/64793818/156803191-55f20347-30a8-4666-b88a-a82572026db6.png)
I would add immutable here as a description too

Author: Fixed

The [administration documentation](./administration.index.md) provides further details on how partner users can edit restricted tags.

## Immutable tags

> Administrators can configure immutable tags. This means that we allow the selection of specific tag values only during the creation process [meshCustomers](meshcloud.customer.md), [meshProjects](meshcloud.project.md), [meshLandingZones](meshcloud.landing-zones.md) and [meshPaymentMethods](./meshcloud.payment-methods.md). Afterwards it is no longer possible to edit the selected values. Also administrators cannot change immutable tags after creation.

Reviewer: d: so our plan is once a tag is immutable we can unset  the immutable in tag catalogue right?
or what does it mean after creation?

Reviewer: Just check the implementation, you are able to unset it.
```suggestion
Administrators can configure immutable tags. This means that we allow the selection of specific tag values only during the creation process [meshCustomers](meshcloud.customer.md), [meshProjects](meshcloud.project.md), [meshLandingZones](meshcloud.landing-zones.md) and [meshPaymentMethods](./meshcloud.payment-methods.md). Afterwards it is no longer possible to edit the selected values. Also administrators cannot change immutable tag values after creation.
```

Author: You can remove the immutable flag from the tags. This works fine.

> Administrators can configure immutable tags. This means that we allow the selection of specific tag values only during the creation process [meshCustomers](meshcloud.customer.md), [meshProjects](meshcloud.project.md), [meshLandingZones](meshcloud.landing-zones.md) and [meshPaymentMethods](./meshcloud.payment-methods.md). Afterwards it is no longer possible to edit the selected values. Also administrators cannot change immutable tags after creation.

Author: Fixed.

> Administrators can configure immutable tags. This means that we allow the selection of specific tag values only during the creation process [meshCustomers](meshcloud.customer.md), [meshProjects](meshcloud.project.md), [meshLandingZones](meshcloud.landing-zones.md) and [meshPaymentMethods](./meshcloud.payment-methods.md). Afterwards it is no longer possible to edit the selected values. Also administrators cannot change immutable tag values after creation.

Reviewer: Immutable tags can also be a string like coriaId  or I think from the term we can use set instead select to cover the different data types
```suggestion
Administrators can configure immutable tags. This means that we allow to set specific tag values only during the creation process [meshCustomers](meshcloud.customer.md), [meshProjects](meshcloud.project.md), [meshLandingZones](meshcloud.landing-zones.md) and [meshPaymentMethods](./meshcloud.payment-methods.md). Afterwards it is no longer possible to edit the values. Also administrators cannot change immutable tag values after creation.
```

Author: Please take a look into the PR https://github.com/meshcloud/meshfed-release/pull/2377
